Amanda, services, and software of the AmandaDiscord organization terms of service and use
Last updated: April 4th, 2022

Please read and review these terms and conditions before using Amanda or any services related to Amanda.


Interpretation:
Words starting with a capitalized letter defined below have meanings which shall share the same definition regardless of whether they are singular or plural.


Definition:
- Application means Amanda as a Discord bot and all related services or software, whether downloaded by You on any electronic device, or a service you use provided by the copyright holders of the Application.

- Affialiate means an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the income or other assets of the Application.

- Country refers to: Arizona, United States

- Organization (otherwise referred to as either "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to the AmandaDiscord organization.

- Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, cellphone or digital tablet.

- Service refers to the Application.

- Terms and Conditions (also referred to as "Terms") mean these Terms and Conditions that form the entire agreement between You and the Organization regarding the use of the Service.

- Third-party Social Media Service means any services or content (including data, information, products or services) provided by a third-party that may be displayed, included, or made available by the Service.

- You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the Organization, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service as applicable.


Acknowledgement:
These are the Terms and Conditions governing the use of this Service and the agreement that operates between You and the Organization. These Terms and Conditions set out the rights and obligations of all users regarding the use of the Service.

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on Your acceptave of and compliance with these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors, users, and others who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service, You agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If You disagree with any part of these Terms and Conditions, then you may not access the Service.

You represent that you are over the age of 13. The Organization does not permit those under 13 to use the Service.

Your access to and use of the Service is also conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with the Privacy Policy of the Organization. Our Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your personal information when You use the Application or the Website. Please read Our Privacy Policy carefully before using Our Service.


Links to Other Websites:
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by the Organization.

The Organization has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that the Organization shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be causes by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.

We strongly advice You to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that You visit.


Termination:
We may terminate or suspend Your access immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if You breach these Terms and Conditions.

Upon termination, Your right to use the Service will cease immediately.


Limition of Liability:
Notwithstanding any damages that You might incur, the entire liability of the Organization and any of its suppliers under any provision of this Terms and Your exclusive remedy for all of the foregoing shall be limited to the amount actually paid by You through the Service or 100 USD if You haven't purchased anything through the Service.

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the Organization or its suppliers be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever (including, but not limited to, damanges for loss of profits, loss of data or other information, for business interruption, for personal injury, loss of privacy arising out of or in any way related to the use of or inability to use the Service, third-party software and/or third-party hardware used with the Service, or otherwise in connection with any provision of this Terms), even if the Organization or any supplier has been advised of the possibility of such damages and even if the remedy fails of its essential purpose.

Some states do not allow the exlusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damanges, which means that some of the above limitations may not apply. In these states, each party's liability will be limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.


"AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" Disclaimer:
The Service is provided to You "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind. To the maximum extend permitted under applicable law, the Organization, on its own behalf of its Affiliates and its and their respective licensors and service providers, expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the Service, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing, course of performance, usage or trade practice. Without limitation to the foregoing, the Organization provides no warranty or undertaking, and makes no representation of any kind that the Service will meet Your requirements, achieve and intended results, be compatible or work with any other software, applications, systems or services, operate without interruption, meet any performance or reliability standards or be error free or that any errors or defects can or will be corrected.

Without limiting the foregoing, nether the Organization nor any of the Organization's provider makes any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied: (i) as to the operation or availability of the Service, or the information, content, and materials or products included thereon; (ii) that the Service will be uninterrupted or error free; (iii) as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information or content provided through the Service; or (iv) that the Service, its servers, the content, or e-mails sent from or on behalf of the Organization are free of viruses, scripts, trojan horses, worms, malware, timebombs, or other harmful components.

Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain types of warranties or limitations on applicable statutory rights of a consumer, so some or all of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to You. But in such a case, the exclusions and limitations set forth in this sections shall be applied to the greatest extent enforceable under applicable law.


Governing Law:
The laws of the Country, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Terms and Your use of the Service, You agree to first try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting the Organization.


For European Union (EU) Users:
If You are a European Union consumer, you will benefit from any mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which You are resident in.


United States Legal Compliance:
You represent and warrant that (i) You are not located in a country that is subject to the United States government embargo, or that has be designated by the United States government as a "terrorist supporting" country, and (ii) You are not listed on any Unityed States government list of prohibited or restricted parties.


Severability:
If any provision of these Terms is held to be unenforceable or be invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect

Waiver:
Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or to require performance of an obligation under these Terms shall not effect a party's ability to exercise such right or require such performance at any time thereafter nor shall the waiver of a breach constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach.


Translation Interpretation
These Terms and Conditions may have been translated if We have made them available to You on our Service. You agree that the original English text shall prevail in the case of a dispute.


Changes to These Terms and Conditions:
We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is materiable, We will make a reasonable efforts to provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitues a material change will be determined at Our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use Our Service after those revision become effective, You agree to be bound by the revised terms. If You do not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the website and the Service.


Contact Us:
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, You can contact us:
- By email: amandevsdiscord@gmail.com
- Via Discord at https://amanda.moe/to/server
